TELCODOCS-2495: Moving holdover feature to GA and improving docs (#104418)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ptp-t-bc-t-tsc-holdover.adoc

[id="nw-ptp-t-bc-t-tsc-holdover_{context}"]
= Applying unassisted holdover for boundary clocks and time slave clocks

> The unassisted holdover feature enables an Intel E810-XXVDA4T NIC, configured as a PTP boundary clock (T-BC) or time slave clock (T-TSC), to maintain time synchronization when the upstream timing source becomes unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unassisted holdover feature enables an Intel E810-XXVDA4T NIC, configured as a PTP telecom boundary clock (T-BC) or telecom time synchronous clock (T-TSC), to maintain time synchronization when the upstream timing source becomes unavailable.
```

      p2p_dst_mac BB:CC:DD:EE:FF:II
      udp_ttl 1
      udp6_scope 0x0E
      uds_address /var/run/ptp4l
      #
      # Default interface options
      #
      clock_type OC # <2>
      network_transport L2
      delay_mechanism E2E
      time_stamping hardware
      tsproc_mode filter
      delay_filter moving_median
      delay_filter_length 10
      egressLatency 0
      ingressLatency 0
      boundary_clock_jbod 1
      #
      # Clock description
      #
      productDescription ;;
      revisionData ;;
      manufacturerIdentity 00:00:00
      userDescription ;
      timeSource 0xA0
    ptp4lOpts: -2 --summary_interval -4
    ptpSchedulingPolicy: SCHED_FIFO
    ptpSchedulingPriority: 10
    ptpSettings:
      inSyncConditionThreshold: "10"
      inSyncConditionTimes: "12"
      logReduce: "false"
# ...
----
<1> The TR port has `masterOnly` set to `0` to receive timing from upstream.
<2> The TR profile uses `clock_type OC` because it handles only the upstream-facing port.

.. Configure `ts2phc` for all participating NICs:
+
[source,yaml]
----
# ...
    ts2phcConf: |
      [global]
      use_syslog
      verbose 1
      logging_level 7
      ts2phc.pulsewidth 100000000

>       leapfile  /usr/share/zoneinfo/leap-seconds.list

Reviewer 2: There are two spaces after leapfile. Is that correct?

    priority: 4
    profile: 01-tbc-tr
----
+
[NOTE]
====
This example shows a multi-card T-BC configuration with three NICs. To adapt for other scenarios:

T-TSC:

* Remove the `00-tbc-tt` profile entirely
* Set `clock_type` to `OC` in the TR profile
* In `ts2phcConf`, list only the TR NIC

Single-card T-BC:

* In the TT profile, list only ports from the same NIC as the TR port
* Remove additional NIC entries from the `interconnections` and `pins` sections
* In `ts2phcConf`, list only the single NIC
* Set `phaseOutputConnectors` to an empty array or disable all pins if not using SMA outputs
====

. Save the configuration to a file, for example `t-bc-holdover-config.yaml`, and apply it:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f t-bc-holdover-config.yaml
----

.Verification

To get the T-BC status, run the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc logs ds/linuxptp-daemon -n openshift-ptp -c linuxptp-daemon-container --since=1s -f | grep T-BC
----

> +

Author: I'm a little unclear about whether we should be using .Example output anymore. The DITA rules give an error:

`Block titles can only be assigned to examples, figures, and tables in DITA.`

Also the [updated guidance](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#commands-in-code-blocks) seems to rely on formatting. 
Anyway, I've added it back in for now.
